LossLess is my pet programming language with grand plans. At its core
it's based primarily on Scheme with ideas from Kernel. More information
can be found at http://zeus.jtan.com/~chohag/lossless/ .

LossLess' primary aims is to be approachable leaving no mystery. To this
end its core---which is all that currently exists---is written in using
the Literate Programming technique invented by Donald E. Knuth. In
addition to an executable literate programming produces a document
describing the implementation details of the program.

The plan is that LossLess' online documentation will include appropriate
links to the sections of this program that describe the component's
precise implementation.

Building LossLess
-----------------

LossLess should build with any C compiler you can throw it at. For the
time being there is a dependency on the standard library which I plan to
reduce to the test suite only.

There is no distributable LossLess yet, only a git source repository, so
the build process requires CWEB to be installed, which is usually part
of TeXlive (texlive_base on OpenBSD, texlive-binaries on Debian). This
package is ironically huge given the constraints that TeX was invented
under.

With that installed LossLess can be built with:

    make

The test suite depends on Perl's prove(1) test harness which is almost
guaranteed to be installed already:

    make test

There is no installer.

Building LossLess without TeX or CWEB
-------------------------------------

CWEB produces either a PDF or DVI file, or C source code. A package
containing these is available at:

        http://zeus.jtan.com/~chohag/lossless/lossless-0.tgz

Building from these intermediate sources requires only a C compiler but
it won't be possible (or rather, it won't be easy) to make changes to
LossLess' source.

Before using make on these intermediate source files first ensure that
make considers them more up-to-date than the CWEB source:

    touch *.pdf *.[ch] t/*.[ch]

Then proceed as normal:

    make

and

    make test

There is still no installer.

Additional Commentary
---------------------

I have begun to document my experience developing LossLess at
http://zeus.jtan.com/~chohag/blogless/

http://chohag.github.io/ is occasionally updated.
